New feature: segment categories TEDU-58 #165 (#205)
mautic/mautic-documentation: pages/10.contacts/03.manage-segments/docs.en.md

In addition to segments you can also manually add any contact to a list by
clicking the Preferences button at the segments tab, use the dropdown to select a segment and add the contact to it or click on the x next to a segment in the input field to remove the contact.

## Add categories to segment

> Apart from organizing various Mautic elements, categories are used to organize contact. To add categories to segment, create a new [category](../categories#creating-managing-categories) of type `segment`. When you add a new segment, you can now sort and select from the categories you previously created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apart from organizing various Mautic elements, categories help with organizing contacts. To add categories to a segment, create a new [category](../categories#creating-managing-categories) of type `segment`. When you add a new segment, you can now sort and select from the categories you previously created.
```

> Apart from organizing various Mautic elements, categories help with organizing contacts. To add categories to a segment, create a new [category](../categories#creating-managing-categories) of type `segment`. When you add a new segment, you can now sort and select from the categories you previously created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apart from organizing various Mautic elements, Categories help with organizing Contacts. To add Categories to a Segment, create a new [Category][category] of type `Segment`. When you add a new Segment, you can now sort and select from the Categories you previously created.
```

Please add the link macro at the bottom of the page:

`[category]: </categories#creating-managing-categories>`

> ![Screenshot showing segment categories](add-category-segment.jpg)

Reviewer: Please can you use a rectangle rather than freehand drawing, so that it looks more professional?

If you need a tool for that I use the Nimbus Screenshot extension for Chrome which is pretty easy to use!

> To check if your segment is linked to the categories you created, create a new uncategorized segment and click on the `Segment Category Filter` in the toolbar and select the category which you linked to your segment. Only that segment will be listed the uncategorized segment which is not linked to any category wont be listed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To determine whether your segment is linked to the categories you created, first create a new segment without any category assigned. From the Segments screen, click in the `Segment Category Filter` in the toolbar. Choose the category linked to your segment. Only the segment associated with that category is displayed, the other segments are not listed.
```

Author: @RCheesley I was trying a screenshot that might show these steps, what do you think

> To determine whether your segment is linked to the categories you created, first create a new segment without any category assigned. From the Segments screen, click in the `Segment Category Filter` in the toolbar. Choose the category linked to your segment. Only the segment associated with that category is displayed, the other segments are not listed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To determine whether your Segment is linked to the Categories you created, first create a new Segment without any Category assigned. From the Segments screen, click in the `Segment Category Filter` in the toolbar. Choose the Category linked to your Segment. Only the Segment associated with that Category is displayed, the other Segments are not listed.
```

## Delete all contacts in a segment

> Filter the contacts in the segment. The batch delete action in the contact table allows deletion of up to 100 contacts at one time. This is a performance precaution since deleting more contacts at one time could cause issues. This feature can be used for hundreds of contacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filter the Contacts in the Segment. The batch delete action in the Contact table allows deletion of up to 100 Contacts at one time. This is a performance precaution since deleting more Contacts at one time could cause issues. This feature can be used for hundreds of Contacts.
```
